welcome to another episode of late-night
grilling with well as you can see it is
cold as shit another fucking cold ass
and raining again our laughs got knack
over from the wind low fees holding it
like a champ
yep attempting to Gruber it right now
that's cool yeah so we're just gonna go
with this what do we have tonight well
um tonight we are uh open this thing I
just I could give away
yeah that's nice and um tonight we're
grilling a lamb leg steaks lamb shank
stinks yeah oh those motherfuckers yeah
so they've got some thyme some
Rosemary's a little bit of salt and
pepper thrown in you did
and I've never really cooked lamb on the
grill before so I have no fucking idea
how big 155 I believe it said uh 15
minutes total puts them over halfway
through yeah so uh sure get the angles
oh no no good for that over here yeah
that's gonna be good and it's gonna be
good oh wow it's wafting it's wafting
I'm getting a chubby over here oh boy oh
yeah Ellen it yeah it's oh Jesus it's
cold we do it for you people we do it
for you know like low fee this guy like
Dragon smoke fuckin ridiculous mm-hmm
yeah you can hear it hitting the foil
yeah I already tweeted that it was
raining too much man what we wouldn't
film this but I like funko doing in live
we're doing it live bucket it's like
fucking socks everything okay maybe - Oh
toys Rus yeah yeah no one quarter car is
good
you want to pour chocolate flavor hey
you know what this parking office feel
goddamn tasty even they all right drop
what he's doing really mean the egg my
phone's gonna blow away here in a second
I think there's so much water on top of
it holy shit oh hey got it
giving a teepee of losers
we got we got some booze box yeah we
have absolute uh the Apple racist Apple
I've had that one before it's good we
have absolute oh that's good that one's
good too
no I'm not bow-bow yet both yeah and we
have the tequila that I fuck you you get
the tequila that's right everyone I'm
done I tried earlier today I have not
tried the tequila you get the tequila
then bottoms up everybody cheering Xiao
Lu there's chairs chairs move you know
actually that wasn't bad considering it
was absolute oh that was lovely
the hibiscus hibiscus I'm gonna have to
try that one man just perfumey and a
little bit fruity oh it's good my beer
does not kill the horse yeah that's a
terrible feel isn't it lovely
oh oh oh my god
jizz in my pants oh yes Wow particularly
Grilli yes yes yes just a misshapen
mm-hmm I'm just glad I'm standing next
to the road yeah a little bit of heat
man bullshit I took my break out in
there trying to smoke a cigarette
if I get my cherry went out several
times don't smoke kids you have to deal
with shit like that yeah
see all this oh my goodness how much oh
what a bummer
it's rain like a quarter of an inch
since we that's like hey it stays nice
and green all year round
yes that's mold it's it's mold sure but
it's pretty it's green come on it's mold
and nice apples we get great apples must
a little bit of mold slowly an apple
yeah don't forget this love honey a slug
oh yeah slugs are everywhere take like a
slug you find it and then you just pour
like this ring of salt around it Oh like
I like it yeah just like it would go
just a little bit and also side oh and
then it would back up no then it was
just basically it would just like dry up
and starve to death and this little ring
of salt because it wouldn't go over it
you're a dick yeah I know
you pour it directly on and ended this
up that's how most serial killers start
uh-huh how many hookers you're in your
clock or okay how many dead ones are you
three oh brother okay having a very bad
time so this is a late child sure it is
I'm thinking she's probably pretty done
yeah yeah it looks pretty game oh yeah
even if they're not done they're fucking
done I'm gonna eat a shit out of this
nope yep that is lamb shank steak
bounine grilled by where I'll play this
late-night do that
look at that marrow right there yeah
thanks fuck man
it smells amazing a little bit of marrow
air it looks pretty good hmm Oh kind of
like a little bit of pink is good a
little bit of pink is always good oh
yeah yeah you're a fan of lamb ooh
there's there's just enough seasoning on
it tor like it's not just like meat
mm-hmm but you still get so much of that
lamb flavor yeah that's that's exactly
how I'm tripping hmm I impressed myself
another successful late night room where
and I managed to not drop it down the
grill I means it's super successful this
has been another episode of Late Night
Raw the world Thank You Onita yes you
fuck you guys all right